DOCS-10040 database-select-example-kt (#1245)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.9/modules/ROOT/pages/database-connector-query-single.adoc

You must be careful, however, because if your row is too large, you could run out of memory.
Also, if you use connection pooling you do not have to worry about your application running out of connections, because this operation returns the connection to the pool immediately after the query is executed.

> Although you invoke the *Query single* operation in the same way as you invoke the *Select* operation, you always get a single result, regardless of the number of records returned by the actual SQL query.

Reviewer: Since I am missing the context here, let me just check: are we using "Although" because the *Select* operation will give more than one result? Maybe...:
```suggestion
Although you invoke the *Query single* operation in the same way as you invoke the *Select* operation, the result is not the same; whereas *Select* might return more than one result, *Query single* always returns a single result, regardless of the number of records returned by the actual SQL query.
```

Reviewer: This might be overkill, since "query single" implies either one query or one result.
Another option is...:
```suggestion
You invoke the *Query single* operation in the same way as you invoke the *Select* operation; however, you always get a single result using *Query single*, regardless of the number of records returned by the actual SQL query.
```
